Reverification refactor (#2093)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/reverification.mdx

To define the time period of the reverification check, you can pass the one of the following configurations to the `has()` helper: `strict_mfa`, `strict`, `moderate`, and `lax`. See the [`has()` reference doc](/docs/references/backend/types/auth-object#check-authorization-params-with-custom-permissions) for more details.

## Sensitive actions that require reverification

> Below you can find a list of all the sensitive actions that require reverification and the strategy and timeframe for each action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a list of all the user actions that require reverification alogn with the required strategy and timeframe for each action.
```

> | Operation | Strategy | Timeframe |
> | - | - | - |
> | Update username | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Delete account | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Update password | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Set password | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Create identification | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Remove identification | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Change primary identification | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Revoke session | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Enable MFA (TOTP, Phone number) | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Disable MFA (TOΤP, Phone number) | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Create/Regenerate Backup Codes | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Connect External Account | Strongest available | 10m |
> | Remove External Account | Strongest available | 10m |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operation | Strategy | Timeframe |
| - | - | - |
| Update username | Strongest available | 10m |
| Set/Update password | Strongest available | 10m |
| Add/Remove Email Address | Strongest available | 10m |
| Add/Remove Phone Number | Strongest available | 10m |
| Add/Remove Web3 Wallet | Strongest available | 10m |
| Add/Remove Passkey | Strongest available | 10m |
| Set primary identification | Strongest available | 10m |
| Connect/Remove External Account | Strongest available | 10m |
| Add/Remove MFA (TOTP, Phone number, Backup Codes) | Strongest available | 10m |
| Revoke session | Strongest available | 10m |
| Delete account | Strongest available | 10m |
```
